readme for containers (#1316)
deephaven/deephaven-core: containers/groovy-examples/README.md

# Overview

> A Docker image for [Deephaven](https://deephaven.io/core/docs/tutorials/quickstart) with Groovy development and [Deephaven Examples Repository](https://github.com/deephaven/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Docker image for Deephaven with Groovy development and [Deephaven Examples Repository](https://github.com/deephaven/examples). See the [README](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core/blob/main/README.md#launch-groovy--java) for launch instructions. 
```

## Why this is needed

> This project will open several docker containers including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project will open several Docker containers, including:

```

 - grpc-api
 - web
 - grpc-proxy
 - envoy
 - examples

## Run a Docker-build job

> For full instructions to work with Deephaven see the [quickstart guide](https://deephaven.io/core/docs/tutorials/quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full instructions to work with Deephaven, see the [Quick start](https://deephaven.io/core/docs/tutorials/quickstart).
```

> To run these images execute the following in the directory of your choice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run these images, execute the following in the directory of your choice:
```

> ```

Reviewer: bash?
